Update installation instructions to use miniforge/mamba (#491)
ProjectPythia/pythia-foundations: foundations/conda.md

## Installing Conda

We recommend you install Miniforge. You can do that by following the [instructions for your machine](https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge).

Miniforge uses the `conda` package management system and is based on Miniconda, which is a pared-down version of the full Anaconda Python distribution.

[Installing Anaconda](https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/) takes longer and uses up more disk space, but provides you with more functionality, including Spyder (a Python-specific integrated development environment or IDE) and Jupyter, in addition to other immediately installed packages. Also, the interface of Anaconda is great if you are uncomfortable with the terminal.

We recommend Miniforge for these reasons:

1. It's quicker and takes up less disk space.
2. It encourages you to install only the packages you need in reproducible isolated environments for specific projects. This is generally a more robust way to work with open source tools.

> 3. It uses `conda-forge` as the default channel for packages.

Reviewer: This is great, but might not mean much to the newbie. Here's my suggested addition:
```suggestion
3. It uses `conda-forge` as the default channel, which is our recommended way to get up-to-date, interoperable packages.
```

Reviewer 2: Oops, looks like I clicked the merge button too quickly.

Author: no prob, i'll commit and merge the suggestion by @brian-rose.
